# BellyButton_Biodiversity

In the quest to synthesis proteins that imitate the taste of beef, it led a biological researcher to believe the best bacteria to synthesis these proteins live in the belly button of individuals. However, bacterial very even the same spot an can vary greatly.  This project is meant to make the data visual for biological researcher so that it is easier to read and make quick judgments.

To start off, we added a dropdown menu so that we may select the sample id to focus on. Changing the sample Id will change the demographic info table as well as the other charts. There are three charts added. The first one made is the bar chart, where it lists the top 10 bacterial cultures found, listed in descending order. This give quick judgment on what kind of bacteria is located on the subject id's belly button. Also, if the mouse hovers of the bars, it will present a hover text of the bacteria and the values. The second chart created is the bubble chart where it presents all the bacterial cultures found based on the test subject id number. The size of the circles in this chart correspond to the quantity of cultures. Like the bar graph, hovering over the circles will present hover text that shows the value and the bacteria found. Lastly, a gauge was added to respond to the washing frequency of the belly button.

In addition to this, the dashboard was formatted so that heading font was adjusted to become thicker by using a different style font. Besides this the body as been adjusted to a gradient background which will be adjusted at another time to make it more professional. Also, background color was changed from the panels for the select box and demographic information. Besides this, the page was made to be more mobile responsive.
